[master<] MAGE changelog 1.8.0 (#948)
memgraph/docs: mage/changelog.md

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

> ## v1.8.0 - Jun 28, 2023

Author: ```suggestion
## v1.8.0 - Jun 30, 2023
```

### Features and improvements

- With the `LLM` module you can generate a graph schema in a format best
  suited for large language models (LLMs).
  [#225](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/225)
- When executing complex queries, the `period` module allows batching results
  from one query into another to improve execution time.
  [#221](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/221)
- The `conditional_execution` module which allows the execution of different
  queries depending on certain conditions being met, has been rewritten from
  Python to C++ to improve performance and it can also periodically iterates.
  [#222](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/222)

> - The `migration` module has an option to get data from MySQL, SQL server, or

Reviewer: `migrate` module

> - The `migration` module has an option to get data from MySQL, SQL server, or

Author: ```suggestion
- The `migrate` module has the option to get data from MySQL, SQL server, or
```
